you can't tell if it's fine forwards or
backwards looks like bumper car you have
to go around in circles I like your
color scheme on it respective no matter
what angle is that
oh he's really enjoying it in me yes get
getting some good ground effect
did you experiment with different props
yeah I'm getting real good shots i'm
getting in the ground with it so you can
see the speed that's good elf too okay
I've got a full zoom on it now off of
witches are you get the kit plan plans
just downloaded for free you know
I don't care for what I've been under
the wing
good
won't it be interesting looking with
just the upper forward way on
but wide open
you